Review abstracts in Admin (#5003)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_synchronizing-template-repositories.adoc

= Synchronizing template repositories

[role="_abstract"]
You can synchronize repositories of job templates, provisioning templates, report templates, and partition table templates between {ProjectServer} and a version control system or local directory.

> You can use the Template Sync plugin to perform exporting and importing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the Template Sync plugin to export and import templates.
```
